Improve contributing guide #131 (#151)
canonical/anbox-cloud-docs: contribute/landing.md

- Report it as a bug on [Launchpad](https://bugs.launchpad.net/anbox-cloud/+bugs) or on [GitHub](https://github.com/canonical/anbox-cloud-docs/issues/new).
- Talk to us on the [public Matrix channel](https://matrix.to/#/#anbox-cloud:ubuntu.com).

> Contributing to our documentation is straightforward. We only require that all contributors sign the [Canonical contributor license agreement](https://ubuntu.com/legal/contributors), have a GitHub account, and set up a [git environment](https://github.com/canonical/open-documentation-academy/blob/main/getting-started/get_started.md#getting-your-environment-set-up). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributing to our documentation is straightforward. We only require that all contributors sign the [Canonical contributor license agreement](https://ubuntu.com/legal/contributors).

In order to contribute, you will need a [GitHub](https://github.com/) account, and set up a [git environment](https://github.com/canonical/open-documentation-academy/blob/main/getting-started/install_git.md). The [Get Started guide](https://github.com/canonical/open-documentation-academy/blob/main/getting-started/get_started.md#getting-your-environment-set-up) from the Canonical Open Documentation Academy is a useful resource.
```

The navigational structure, style, and content of our documentation follows the Diátaxis systematic framework for technical documentation. This categorises the documentation into tutorials, how-to guides, reference material and explanatory text. 

Consistency is vital in documentation, which is why we request contributors to follow the {ref}`style-guide`. We also set up the following GitHub actions to run automatically on every pull request raised against our docs repository:

- Inclusive language check 
- Spellcheck
- Accessibility check

> - Link check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Link check
```
